Upstage (CEO Kim Sung-hoon, www.upstage.ai), a startup that accelerates AI transformation of companies, will conduct online free consultations on AI technology for companies.

Recently, the importance of AI technology for companies has been increasing. AI technology is developing at a rapid pace, and the things that AI can do are gradually diversifying. In the future, the success or failure of the industry will be determined by the use of AI technology by companies.

However, the introduction of AI technology suitable for corporate business and services is not so simple. Upstage has prepared an online free consultation on AI technology to solve this problem.

AI technology online free consultation can be applied through Upstage's website. From December 25th (Fri), Christmas this year, the company will receive consultation applications and select companies with clear problems and relevant data first to start consulting sequentially from January 4th (Mon) next year.

The advisory is composed of world-class experts who have developed AI solutions and services based on machine learning and applied them to various fields, and will be conducted simultaneously in Chinese, English, and Korean. The consultation will last 3-40 minutes and will be conducted by △Professor Lei Chan, Director of the Big Data Institute at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology △Professor Kyung Hyun Cho, a world-renowned researcher in the field of machine learning and natural language processing at New York University △Upstage CEO Kim Sung-hoon.

Upstage CEO Kim Sung-hoon said, "Many companies are looking for answers to AI solutions that they have not been able to solve internally." "We prepared a Christmas gift for the end of the year with the hope that companies will be able to help a little with the technical concerns of AI through the free consultation provided by Upstage."

Meanwhile, Upstage has attracted attention from domestic leading companies by identifying areas where innovation is possible through AI technology among the problems of companies and providing basic AI models and system construction, as well as consulting including AI teams. It surpassed 7 billion won in sales in just two months after its launch. In addition, it established a Hong Kong branch this month and is expanding its scope of entry into the global market as well as the domestic market.

