Global scholar Kim Sung-hoon, who is well known for his 'Deep Learning for Everyone' lecture in Korea (Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, former head of Naver Clova AI), has established a startup 'Upstage (CEO Kim Sung-hoon, upstage.ai)' to accelerate the AI transformation of companies.

Upstage provides consulting, including identifying areas that can be innovated through AI technology among the company's problems and building basic AI models and systems required for this. In addition, it will support the cultivation of AI talent within the customer company to help the company's successful AI transformation through its own AI competitiveness improvement. Furthermore, it will actively support the design of the company's AI team by fostering differentiated professional talents who can be immediately deployed in AI business through hands-on education that incorporates AI business experience and solid AI basic education.

Upstage said that it is starting to consult with domestic financial companies and leading telecommunication companies as soon as it was established.

Upstage CEO Kim Sung-hoon, who is known as a top expert in software engineering and AI, won the best paper award four times at the top conferences in the field with his research that combines software engineering and machine learning while serving as a professor at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and won the most influential paper award for 10 years at ICSME. In addition, the 'Deep Learning for Everyone' he lectured recorded a total of more than 6 million views. Since joining Naver/Line in 2017, he has been in charge of global AI research and development at Naver for the past three years as the head of Naver Clova AI, and is praised for raising Naver's AI technology to the world level.

Upstage has joined Kim Sung-hoon, who was in charge of Naver Clova AI, former Kakao AI team leader Kim Jae-beom, Lee Hwal-seok, who achieved world-class results in Naver Visual AI / OCR team, Park Eun-jung, who led the model team of the world's best translator Papago, Grand Master Kim Sang-hoon, who ranked 12th in the world on Kaggle, and Nvidia AI education and development marketing 담당 Han Dae-in. And NYU Professor Cho Kyung-hyun, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology Professor Lei Chen, and others are joining Upstage, and AI talents from all over the world are actively recruiting AI excellent talents.

CEO Kim Sung-hoon said, "Many companies have a lot of data and IT organizations, but there are many cases where they are facing barriers to AI transformation due to lack of AI business and experience. I want to contribute to accelerating the AI transformation of companies by defining the company's AI problems and data with Upstage's talents with AI business experience and providing solutions."

