AI startup Upstage (CEO Kim Sung-hoon), which helps companies focus on their unique core business, announced on the 23rd that it will conduct a large-scale public recruitment for all positions to enhance the development of AI Pack.

Upstage, which is expanding the AI market and research ecosystem, plans to accelerate the development of AI through large-scale recruitment. The recruited personnel will be able to participate in the development of AI Pack, the core product of Upstage, for technological enhancement. The recruitment categories include ▲software engineer ▲AI research engineer ▲data scientist ▲AI global residency (intern) ▲Heroes, and will recruit 200 people including all positions.

AI global residency can develop the world's best AI technology with development practice leaders, and also get a chance to challenge Kaggle competitions with Kaggle Grand Masters. Heroes will perform various tasks that are essential in AI business as a cross-functional operation and business organization.

This recruitment will be conducted on a continuous basis through the company's website, and the recruitment process will be conducted in the order of ▲online algorithm coding test ▲technical interview ▲culture interview ▲final interview after receiving the documents. The detailed qualification requirements for each position can be checked through the website.

Personnel joining Upstage can build their individual capabilities by working with CEO Kim Sung-hoon, former leader of Naver Clova AI, CTO Lee Hwak-seok, who led Naver Visual AI / OCR, and CSO Park Eun-jung, who led the Naver Papago model team, as well as senior developers from global tech companies such as Facebook and Amazon. In particular, it is possible to expand the scope of growth by building Upstage's own AI sharing culture for employees, expanding the scope of technology coverage, and sharing each other's work and insights regardless of position.

Upstage also provides various welfare benefits with the goal of members' autonomous efficiency and growth. First of all, it introduces 100% remote work, so you can work not only in all regions of Korea but also in various parts of the world. It also supports equipment and software that can increase work concentration, opportunities to attend conferences, and growth activity expenses such as book purchases and studies. In addition, it provides childbirth congratulations and recovery wishes for mothers from the perspective of welfare for families, and recently expanded the scope of family support to pets and provides pet adoption congratulations.

Upstage CEO Kim Sung-hoon said, "Upstage has successfully completed Series A investment by recognizing the possibility of the AI integrated solution it is developing based on its outstanding technological competitiveness, and is focusing on developing AI Pack, its core task." He added, "We look forward to the interest of applicants who will lead the future AI industry with Upstage in the rapidly changing AI market."

Meanwhile, Upstage recently attracted attention as a representative company leading the AI industry by successfully raising 31.6 billion won in Series A investment within a year of its establishment. In addition, it has won eight gold medals at Kaggle, an AI competition where 6 million machine learning developers from around the world participate, and has published a total of eight papers through international AI conferences such as ACL and EMNLP in the past year since its establishment.

