Upstage, an AI-specialist startup that has been recognized for its top-notch technology, including winning the first place in the global AI competition Kaggle, announced on the 2nd that it will officially open the KLUE Leaderboard, where Korean AI models can be evaluated.

KLUE (Korean Language Understanding Evaluation) is the first Korean natural language understanding evaluation-related open dataset that Upstage has developed in collaboration with experts in the academic and industrial fields related to Korean natural language processing for seven months. Until now, datasets and leaderboards that serve as the basis for natural language understanding research have been conducted in English and have been difficult to conduct research due to limitations on use. KLUE, which can evaluate the Korean language understanding ability of AI, is expected to lead the development of the Korean natural language processing field as it can be redistributed, reprocessed, and used for profit.

Upstage, which led the development of KLUE, has released the KLUE Leaderboard, which can measure the performance of Korean AI models. If you want to evaluate your AI model, you can access the KLUE project homepage, download the dataset, train the AI model you want to test, and submit it to the leaderboard. You can evaluate the model's performance level as a comprehensive score. The evaluation items are divided into eight categories (▲sentence topic classification ▲sentence similarity comparison ▲natural language inference ▲entity recognition ▲relationship extraction ▲morphological and dependency syntax analysis ▲machine reading comprehension understanding ▲dialogue state tracking), which have increased credibility.

AI model developers will be evaluated with objective indicators to see if the model they created has accurate understanding and reasoning capabilities of the Korean language. In particular, it is possible to exchange information and opinions between participants through an open discussion room, so it is possible to upgrade AI language models in a fair competition. You can find more detailed information on the official KLUE website.

Upstage CEO Kim Sung-hoon said, "We hope that the opening of the KLUE Leaderboard will lead to an active exchange for the evaluation and research of various Korean AI models," and added, "We plan to expand the Korean AI research ecosystem and contribute to the development of the domestic AI industry based on our unique technology."

Meanwhile, Upstage will hold a Korean Language Information Academy with Yonsei University's Language Information Research Institute from August 2nd to 3rd for two days under the theme of 'AI Performance Evaluation-Understanding and Utilization of KLUE Benchmark Data'. Upstage's AI research engineers Park Sung-joon, Moon Ji-hyung, and data manager Han Ji-yoon, who participated in the actual KLUE production process, will introduce the characteristics and production process of the KLUE dataset and introduce the usage of the leaderboard. Lectures from this academy will be available on the Upstage YouTube channel in the future.

