AI startup Upstage (CEO Kim Sung-hoon), which helps companies focus on their core business, announced on the 25th that it has been selected as a designated company for the professional research service system in the second half of 2021.

The professional research service system is a system in which people who have obtained a master's degree or higher in science and technology perform research and development tasks at designated companies selected by the Military Manpower Administration for three years to replace military service. Designated companies must meet comprehensive criteria such as the size of research personnel and the company's research and development participation and investment performance. Through this, small and medium-sized enterprises can secure development personnel in the field of science and technology, and students who have obtained a science and technology degree can get a chance to develop their research and development capabilities in the field.

Upstage was finally selected among the 550 companies that applied for the designated company in the second half of 2021. In particular, Upstage will recruit professional research service personnel with the maximum TO that can be recruited in the standards for small and medium-sized enterprises, and will select software engineers and AI research engineers.

Professional personnel who join Upstage as professional research service personnel will receive the same benefits as regular employees, including the company's various convenience facilities, in-house education and welfare benefits. In addition, they will have the opportunity to work with senior developers from global tech companies such as Facebook and AWS, and will be able to participate in the development of Upstage's core product, AI Pack. In particular, they will be able to expand their technical coverage through Upstage's AI sharing culture.

Upstage, which was established in October, has successfully carried out the introduction of AI for customers such as finance, education, and distribution, and has achieved sales of 8.8 billion won in just 8 months since its establishment. Recently, it has attracted 31.6 billion won in investment in Series A round and has been recognized for its high potential as a representative company leading the AI industry. In addition, it has won five gold medals in Kaggle, an AI competition participated by 6 million machine learning developers around the world, and has solidified its AI technology in the global market. Based on this technology, it provides AI pack solutions such as OCR, NLP, and recommendations that can be easily used and re-learned by anyone.

Upstage CEO Kim Sung-hoon said, "We are grateful for the opportunity to contribute to society with technology with people with professional capabilities." He added, "We will support them generously so that they can focus on research and development of core AI technologies during their service period and contribute to the development of AI technology in Korea."

For more information on the recruitment announcement, please visit the Upstage website, and more details will be provided through an online recruitment briefing session on November 4th.

