AI-specialized startup Upstage announced on the 27th that it has won a gold medal in the world's most famous online artificial intelligence (AI) competition, Kaggle, with 6 million participants from 194 countries, and has produced the sixth Grandmaster in Korea.

This world artificial intelligence competition is the 'CommonLit Readability Prize' competition hosted by CommonLit, a non-profit educational technology organization in the United States, and the challenge was conducted with the goal of building a machine learning algorithm that automatically determines the difficulty level of text to recommend text suitable for the reading level of elementary, middle, and high school students. About 3,600 teams participated in the competition, which lasted for about three months from May, and the Upstage team (Kim Sang-hoon, Kim Yoon-soo) achieved the gold medal.

Conventional technology used features using the number of words that make up a sentence, the number of characters in a word, and part-of-speech information of a language, but it had the disadvantage of not being able to grasp the context of the entire text. At Upstage, a machine learning algorithm that added a language model that grasps the context of the text to the existing statistical features was developed to raise performance to a higher level.

In particular, Master Kim Yoon-soo has become the sixth Kaggle Grandmaster in Korea at the youngest age with this gold medal. Master Kim Yoon-soo, a student at Seoul National University, is currently participating in the Upstage Global Residency program, and has been building practical capabilities in AI technology development by experiencing the field through mentoring by Upstage experts. Based on this, he has won five gold medals in the world artificial intelligence competition and has settled in 24th place in the Kaggle global ranking. In addition, Upstage Leader Kim Sang-hoon, who led this competition, is ranked 15th in the Kaggle global ranking, and was the third Kaggle Grandmaster in Korea in 2020.

Upstage is working hard to cultivate world-class AI talents through the Global Residency program. In addition to the opportunity to develop technology with former Papago and Clova development practice leaders, you can also experience Kaggle competitions under sufficient GPU infrastructure. Currently, global talents who have won AI competitions held in China, the United States, and other countries are actively working.

Upstage Master Kim Yoon-soo said, "After joining Upstage Global Residency, I participated in the competition with Kaggle Grandmaster Kim Sang-hoon and learned know-how about machine learning modeling and the overall part of the Kaggle competition, and as a result, I was able to win five gold medals and become a Grandmaster." "I expect that the experience of being able to focus on modeling by utilizing Upstage's GPU equipment will be a great help in my growth as a machine learning research engineer in the future."

Meanwhile, Upstage has developed the first Korean natural language understanding evaluation-related public dataset 'KLUE' with experts in the academia and industry related to Korean natural language processing. In August, the KLUE leaderboard, which can measure the performance of Korean AI models, was opened, and it is expected to lead the development of the Korean natural language processing field and activate the Korean AI research ecosystem.

