Upstage, a startup that accelerates AI transformation for companies (CEO Kim Sung-hoon, www.upstage.ai), announced that it will launch the 'Upstage AI Challenge' program for companies.

The 'Upstage AI Challenge' program is an education program for companies that aims to improve the skills of AI personnel in the company or to discover talent inside and outside the company. This program can be participated by personnel who have basic knowledge of AI programming, engineers who want to switch their careers to AI, and employees who aim to improve their level of AI programs, as well as personnel in the business field who need basic knowledge of AI. It is designed and operated according to the company's situation and purpose.

The Upstage AI Challenge program is operated with the aim of improving AI model performance through data and identifying AI problems in the company. It aims to develop AI models that can be applied to services and to improve services. It provides mentoring by instructors who are actively working in the field, AI and CS experts, and Kaggle masters, and presents a step-by-step curriculum tailored to the company's problems to help improve the company's AI capabilities. In addition, it is developing its own platform called 'AI Stages' to create an optimized environment for simultaneous operation of AI challenges and education. Inquiries about the program can be made through the inquiry mail at the bottom of the website, and it is provided customized according to the company's education purpose and direction.

Kim Sung-hoon, CEO of Upstage, said, "We have designed a curriculum that allows employees to experience the practice of identifying AI problems within the company, setting goals, and solving them." He added, "We will be a program that achieves the company's growth goals and strengthens and fosters the capabilities of internal personnel in line with the acceleration of AI transformation of companies due to COVID-19."

Meanwhile, Upstage has attracted attention from leading domestic companies by identifying parts of the company's problems that can be innovated through AI technology and providing basic AI models and system construction, as well as consulting including AI teams. It is expanding its scope of entry not only in Korea but also in the global market by establishing a Hong Kong branch.

