Upstage (CEO Kim Sung-hoon, www.upstage.ai), a startup that accelerates AI (Artificial Intelligence) transformation of companies, announced on the 6th that it has appointed Kim Soo-ho, former partner of McKinsey & Company Seoul Office, as an advisor.

Kim Soo-ho, who will join Upstage from this month, is an expert in management consulting in the financial sector. Kim has been in charge of growth strategy advisory services in various fields such as DT (Digital Transformation), M&A (Mergers and Acquisitions), product portfolio, and new businesses for financial companies such as banks, securities, and insurance companies.

Kim, who graduated from the Department of Business Administration at Seoul National University and MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology) MBA in the United States, served as a partner of the Seoul office of McKinsey & Company, a global management consulting firm, and as a Korean financial leader, leading AA (Advanced Analytics) in the Asian insurance sector. In addition, he led the end-to-end (E2E) transformation program of a leading Asian financial group, and formulated overseas M&A and digital strategies for domestic financial companies and developed sales promotion programs, etc., and was in charge of overall consulting in the domestic and foreign financial industry.

Kim Soo-ho will serve as an advisor on AI roadmap and business strategy in the financial sector based on his years of experience in management consulting in the financial industry. Currently, Upstage is leading the development of technologies for AI transformation in the financial sector by signing a business agreement with KB Kookmin Bank to enhance AI financial technology.

Kim Soo-ho said, "I am glad to join Upstage, which provides solutions to these problems, as the importance of AI transformation within the financial sector is gradually increasing." He added, "Based on my experience in consulting financial companies, I will be a reliable support for the growth of Upstage."

Upstage CEO Kim Sung-hoon said, "We will further enhance our AI solutions through synergy between Upstage, which has AI expertise, and Kim Soo-ho, an expert in management consulting in the financial industry." He added, "We will continue to work with experts in various fields to accelerate the AI transformation of more companies."

