Upstage, a leading AI company in Korea, is looking for new 'Upstage Stars' to share the joy of growth.

Upstage (CEO Kim Sung-hoon, www.upstage.ai) announced on the 31st that it will hold an 'Online Briefing Session for 2023 Professional Researchers' on the 14th and 15th of next month.

The Professional Researcher System is a system in which people who have obtained a master's degree or higher in science and engineering perform research and development tasks at designated companies selected by the Military Manpower Administration for three years, replacing military service. Through this, small and medium-sized enterprises can secure development personnel in the science and engineering field, and students who have obtained a science and engineering degree can gain the opportunity to develop their research and development capabilities in the field.

On November 14, an online briefing session for software engineers will be held for about 90 minutes from 5 p.m., and on the 15th, an online briefing session for AI research engineers will be held from 5 p.m. At the online briefing session, company introductions and research environment support and job introductions by Upstage CTO Lee Hwal-seok and CSO Park Eun-jung will be held, along with the experiences of current professional researchers and the introduction of the recruitment process and Q&A.

Upstage was selected as a military designation company by meeting the criteria such as the size of the research personnel and the company's participation in research and development comprehensively within one year of its founding, and recruited 11 excellent personnel. The work satisfaction is also high, and most of the professional researchers hope to continue working after the end of their service. Upstage plans to select software engineers and AI research engineers as professional researchers at the same level as last year.

Professional researchers who join Upstage will receive the same benefits as regular employees, including a total of 10 million won in work environment support, as well as various convenience facilities, in-house education and welfare benefits of the company. In addition, even during the basic military training period after joining, salary is paid 100%.

In addition, as the biggest advantage of working at Upstage, you can work with colleagues from global big tech companies, and you can also participate in the development of 'Upstage AI Pack', a no-code-low-code solution that can easily apply the latest AI technology to various industries based on the AI technology leadership proven by the publication of papers at international AI conferences such as NeurlPS, CVPR, and ECCV 2022, and WWW, and the acquisition of more than 10 gold medals in Kaggle.

Upstage CEO Kim Sung-hoon said, "I am very happy to be able to recruit outstanding talents with professional capabilities as professional researchers this year as well," and said, "We plan to provide an environment where you can focus on researching and developing core AI technologies with generous support at Upstage, a leading AI startup, so we ask for a lot of support from talented people who want to feel the joy of growth together."

For more detailed briefing session information and job postings, please visit the Upstage website, and the application period for professional researchers will be from November 1st to 17th.

