My AI representative startup Upstage has met with François-Philippe Champagne, Minister of Innovation, Science and Industry of Canada, who visited Korea, and has laid the foundation for full-scale entry into the global AI market.

Upstage (www.upstage.ai) announced on the 24th that CEO Kim Sung-hoon attended the 'Business Roundtable with François-Philippe Champagne, Minister of Innovation, Science and Industry of Canada' hosted by the Korea International Trade Association (KITA) as a representative of domestic AI companies and discussed cooperation plans to promote co-growth between Korean and Canadian companies, while exploring possibilities for full-scale overseas business expansion.

Invited to the event, which was held to welcome Minister Champagne, who visited Korea ahead of the 60th anniversary of diplomatic relations between the two countries, were 17 major domestic companies representing key industries such as energy, bio, EV, aerospace, and AI, and six companies from Canada, including Electra Battery Materials and Nano One Materials Corp., and government delegations, to discuss strengthening strategic partnerships between the two countries.

Canada is a technological powerhouse that surpasses Korea in various global AI competitiveness indicators, and is considered a core investment destination for AI, where excellent human resources and technologies, including Professor Geoffrey Hinton, the founder of deep learning, are concentrated. Upstage plans to gradually build a bridgehead for global market penetration beyond Korea by actively discovering the demand for AI solutions from Canadian companies with its global top technology.

In particular, Upstage attracted attention by being selected as the only startup among the participating companies. It is even more meaningful that it was invited to the Canadian minister's event as a representative of the domestic AI industry, along with major domestic companies such as Samsung, Hyundai, Hanwha, POSCO, and Kakao, within two years of its establishment, which reaffirms the world-class AI technology competitiveness that Upstage possesses.

Previously, Upstage has proven its global top technology by publishing a number of excellent papers at international AI conferences including NeurlPS, AAAI, ACL, and EMNLP, and winning the first double-digit gold medal in Kaggle among domestic companies. Recently, it also showed off its overwhelming technology by winning the highest rank in Korea at the AI recommendation contest hosted by ACM RecSys, one of the top conferences in the recommendation system field, alongside global big tech companies such as NVIDIA, Intel, and Huawei.

Upstage CEO Kim Sung-hoon said, "I am glad to be invited as a startup to a valuable place where we can discuss technology and business cooperation with Canada, which leads the global AI industry." He added, "In the future, Upstage will take the lead in providing advanced AI solutions tailored to the needs of various global corporate customers based on its top domestic AI technology."

Meanwhile, Upstage plans to launch a no-code-low-code solution called 'Upstage AI Pack' at the end of this year, which allows customers to use AI technologies such as OCR technology that allows users to extract and use the desired information from images, recommendation technology that takes into account customer information and product and service features, and natural language processing search technology that enables semantic-based search. With 'Upstage AI Pack', you can easily use data processing, AI modeling, and metric management, and provide continuous updates to support the latest AI technology at all times.

