Upstage, a leading AI startup in Korea, will provide '(주)Brandi' with a taste-saving recommendation AI for customers and challenge the hyper-personalization of commerce.

Upstage (CEO Kim Sung-hoon, www.upstage.ai) announced on the 26th that it has signed a 'Brandi Recommendation Service Introduction and Use Contract' with (주)Brandi. Through this contract, Upstage will promote the provision of hyper-personalized product recommendation solutions for users of vertical commerce platforms such as 'Brandi', a women's fashion shopping app, and 'Hiver', a men's shopping app, operated by (주)Brandi.

Recently, fashion commerce platforms have also been evolving into 'fashion tech' by focusing on IT. In the past two years, the world has rapidly changed from an offline-centered to an online-centered, and the digital innovation of commerce platforms has accelerated even further.

In particular, the IT infrastructure of fashion platforms is an important foundation for sellers, who are another customer of the platform, to discover and sell good products. Therefore, personalized AI recommendation technology that analyzes customer tastes and helps them make decisions is becoming an essential element in the growth of the platform.

Upstage plans to provide Brandy with AI solutions it has developed based on its technology, which has been confirmed by publishing a number of excellent papers at international AI conferences such as NeurlPS, AAAI, ACL, and EMNLP, and winning more than 10 gold medals at Kaggle, the first in Korea.

The performance of Upstage's recommendation AI was once again proven in the verification process with Brandy. In various indicators such as click-through rate and transaction conversion rate related to sales, Upstage's recommendation AI performance showed better results than AWS Personalize by more than 1.5 times. Upstage said that it was able to build various AI models and compare them competitively by each Recommendation AI team, Challenge team for Kaggle competitions, and Hong Kong Global Residency team within the company.

The recommendation AI solution to be provided by Upstage will contribute to analyzing each customer's taste and products based on the rich data of 'Brandi', a representative women's fashion shopping app in Korea with 20 million app downloads, and providing hyper-personalized product recommendations from the first page of the app. In addition, Upstage plans to make efforts to continuously improve model performance through indicator monitoring using AI-based analysis tools.

(주)Brandi is a leading fashion commerce company in Korea that operates specialized vertical commerce platforms such as women's fashion shopping app 'Brandi', men's shopping app 'Hiver', and brand fashion platform 'Seoul Store', starting with women's fashion shopping app 'Brandi'. It has attracted more than 150 billion won in cumulative investment based on its platform technology and fulfillment competitiveness, and is expanding its influence in the commerce market, leading the digital transformation of the Dongdaemun ecosystem.

Upstage's'recommendation AI' technology has also been proven globally. In May, it won a silver medal in the 'Customized Fashion Recommendations (H&M Personalized Fashion Recommendations)' competition hosted by global SPA brand H&M, just 0.004 and 0.007 points behind the first place. In February, Upstage also attracted attention by presenting a paper on the core technology of customized learning recommendation using deep learning technology at 'The Web Conference 2022', the world's top international conference in the field of information technology.

With this contract, Upstage's Seargest (search+suggest / search recommendation) AI technology introduction case is expected to expand to commerce platforms. Seargest AI is attracting attention as a technology that applies both functions of finding and recommending products or content with AI based on individual data and tastes. Upstage is developing a no-code-based 'AI Pack' and is collaborating with LG U+, Amorepacific, and Glorang.

Kim Sung-hoon, CEO of Upstage, said, "We are pleased to provide a hyper-personalized recommendation AI solution based on customer tastes to Brandi, a representative women's fashion commerce in Korea." He added, "Upstage will lower the barrier to AI application for various corporate customers who want to use the Seargest technology through AI Pack and help customers focus their capabilities on core services."

Meanwhile, Upstage plans to launch 'Upstage AI Pack', a no-code-to-low-code solution that helps customers use AI technologies such as OCR technology that can extract and use the desired information from images, recommendation technology that considers customer information and product and service characteristics, and natural language processing search technology that enables semantic-based search, all at once and customized, at the end of this year. With 'Upstage AI Pack', you can easily use data processing, AI modeling, and indicator management, as well as support for continuous updates, so you can conveniently use the latest AI technology at all times.

