Upstage, a leading AI startup in Korea, won two silver medals at the 'AI Olympics' Kaggle competition that seeks the best AI recommendation technology.

Upstage (https://www.upstage.ai/) announced on the 16th that two teams participated in the AI recommendation Kaggle competition hosted by global SPA brand H&M and won the 19th and 41st place, achieving the best results. In particular, the Upstage Challenges team, which won the silver medal in 19th place, surprised other participating teams by winning another excellent performance in just two weeks after winning the gold medal in the previous competition.

Kaggle is the world's most famous online artificial intelligence (AI) competition platform with 9 million participants in 200 countries, and it operates a rating and ranking system to gauge the objective capabilities of AI experts around the world. The ranking consists of five grades: Grandmaster, Master, Expert, Contributor, and Novice, and ranks and grades are determined based on the results of competitions that solve various companies' problems with AI.

This competition is the 'Personalized Fashion Recommendations' competition hosted by H&M, which aims to create excellent AI product recommendation models based on data on global customers and products and previous transaction data. The competition, which was held for about three months from February, attracted fierce competition with a total of 3,006 teams participating.

The Upstage Challenges team and the recommendation team decided to participate only two weeks before the end of the competition due to their participation in the previous Kaggle competition, but they won the silver medal with excellent performance, only 0.004 points and 0.007 points away from the first place, and the overall ranking of 19th and 41st. This drew attention as it was in contrast to the fact that world-class Kaggle rankers from top AI companies such as Nvidia and H2O rarely participate in competitions that are about to end and have difficulty achieving top 50 results.

The Upstage teams used deep learning in the stage of selecting candidate items to be recommended and improved the performance of the machine learning algorithm by re-training the model through the adopted products. Deep learning shows good performance in unstructured data such as images and natural language, but relatively poor performance in structured data, and the Upstage teams improved the shortcomings by fusing the existing data processing model with the deep learning model and differentiated by directly generating customer-specific recommendation candidates.

AI recommendation technology is one of the most important AI technologies in the digital age, which analyzes the contents or goods that users prefer based on the acquired data and informs them in advance of what they want to find. As the amount of information increases, the importance of recommendation technology is gradually increasing, and AI recommendation is also becoming more advanced in line with the development of artificial intelligence-based technology.

Upstage plans to continue to make outstanding achievements in the 'AI Recommendation Pack' to be released in the second half of the year, proving that it has the best technology in AI recommendation, one of the most important AI technologies in the digital age, in addition to content, shopping, and portal.

Meanwhile, Upstage also won the 12th place in the 'Happywhale Kaggle Competition (Happywhale - Whale and Dolphin Identification)' last month, winning its third gold medal this year. This competition was held to create a model that analyzes photos of whales' tails, dorsal fins, etc. with AI to identify individuals and identify their status and trends. The qualification for the Kaggle competition gold medal is generally awarded to 10 teams in competitions with more than 1000 teams, and a small number of winners are added depending on the number of additional participants. It is awarded to teams within the top 1% on average.

Upstage proved that it has the best technology in AI recommendation and computer vision, which are actually needed in companies, in addition to its first double-digit gold medal for a domestic company. Upstage has already established itself as the top AI company in Korea by winning the gold medal in the first Kaggle competition this year in January and having two of the top 20 Grandmasters in Kaggle.

Kim Sang-hoon, a Grandmaster in Kaggle and leader of the Upstage Challenges team, said, "I am glad to have achieved excellent results, including a gold medal and two silver medals, in just a month in the Kaggle competition, which is participated by world-class data scientists, despite the tight schedule." He added, "We will complete the 'Upstage AI Pack' based on the technology verified through this competition in the AI recommendation field, which is the most important in the digital age."

In addition to winning the Kaggle competition, Upstage is planning to launch the 'AI Pack', which allows the latest AI technology to be easily applied to various industries, based on its AI technology leadership proven by papers published at international AI conferences such as NeurlPS, AAAI, ACL, and EMNLP.

Upstage's 'AI Pack' is a one-stop solution that helps customize AI technologies such as OCR technology that can extract and use desired information from images, high-performance natural language processing search technology that can search for information with similar meanings, and recommendation technology that considers customer information and product and service features. Through Upstage's 'AI Pack', customers can use the latest AI technology in the field at all times through continuous updates, not just data processing and AI modeling.

