'AI Olympics' Kaggle competition, upstage, a leading AI startup in Korea, won the 10th gold medal and established itself as an AI top technology company.

Upstage (https://www.upstage.ai/) announced on the 24th that it won the 8th place in the Kaggle competition hosted by Georgia State University and won the second gold medal this year. With this gold medal win, Upstage has achieved the feat of winning the 10th gold medal in just one and a half years since its founding.

Kaggle is the world's most famous online artificial intelligence (AI) competition platform, with 9 million people from 200 countries participating in the data expert community owned by Google. It operates a rating and ranking system to determine the objective ability of AI experts around the world. The ranking consists of five grades: Grandmaster, Master, Expert, Contributor, and Novice, and the ranking and grade are determined based on the results of competitions that solve problems of various companies with AI.

This competition was the 'Feedback Prize - Evaluating Student Writing' competition hosted by Georgia State University in the United States, and the challenge was to create an AI evaluation model that evaluates the structure of the article and provides personalized feedback to help students improve their writing skills. About 2,060 teams participated in the competition, which was held for about three months from last December, and the Upstage Challenge team's Song Won-ho, Park Hyun-byung, and Jung Ik-hyo master team won the gold medal with the 8th overall ranking.

The competition was conducted in a way that presented 10,000 articles written by middle and high school students over three months as data and evaluated the consistency of the model that divided the contents of each paragraph into seven structures such as topic, position, argument and counterargument, refutation, argumentation, and conclusion.

The Upstage team improved the performance of the machine learning algorithm by upgrading the natural language processing model to increase the consistency of the article structure evaluation. Understanding the order of words is very important in identifying the structure of the article, and the team strengthened the AI's ability to recognize the position of words, allowing it to analyze long sentences that existing natural language processing models could not do. In addition, the team limited the AI model to distinguish only one specific structure such as introduction, position, and conclusion in the article, further improving the consistency of the structure evaluation.

Upstage has now boasted the achievement of 10 gold medals for the first time in Korea with this gold medal win in the competition. It is an achievement that was achieved in less than a year and a half since its founding in October 2020. The double-digit gold medal in Kaggle is a record held by global AI representative companies such as NVIDIA and H2O.ai, and it means that Upstage is on par with AI top technology companies. The qualification for the Kaggle competition gold medal is generally awarded to 10 teams in competitions with more than 1,000 teams, and a small number of winners are added depending on the number of additional participants. It is awarded to teams within the top 1% on average.

Upstage also already proved its top AI technology in Korea by winning the first Kaggle competition gold medal this year in January, with two of the top 20 AI experts in the world, including Grandmaster.

In particular, it is more meaningful that all of this year's gold medals, including Grandmaster Kim Yoon-soo, who won the gold medal in the January competition, and Song Won-ho, Park Hyun-byung, and Jung Ik-hyo masters, the heroes of this gold medal, are the results of the Upstage Global Residency program, which is a talent development program for AI. Upstage's Global Residency is a program that builds practical skills related to AI technology development by experiencing the actual field through mentoring by Upstage's current experts.

Kim Sang-hoon, the leader of the Upstage Challenge team, who is the 18th in the world in Kaggle Grandmaster, said, "I am very happy to win the 10th gold medal in the Kaggle competition, which is participated by world-class data scientists." "We will contribute to the development of the best performance AI pack by fostering the best talents through the Global Residency program, including global top 20 AI experts in the field."

In addition to winning the Kaggle competition, Upstage is planning to launch 'AI Pack', which allows the latest AI technology to be easily applied to various industries, based on its proven AI technology leadership through papers published in international AI conferences such as NeurlPS, AAAI, ACL, and EMNLP.

Upstage's 'AI Pack' is a one-stop solution that helps you use AI technology customized for your needs, such as OCR technology that allows you to extract and use the information you want from images, high-performance natural language processing search technology that allows you to search for information similar in meaning, and recommendation technology that considers customer information and product and service features. Through Upstage's 'AI Pack', customers can always use the latest AI technology in their field of work through data processing, AI modeling, and continuous updates.

