Recommendation field The domestic representative AI startup Upstage ranked 12th in the ACM RecSys Challenge 2022 competition hosted by the world's top authority conference.

Upstage (https://www.upstage.ai/) announced on the 2nd that it ranked 12th in the AI recommendation competition hosted by ACM RecSys, one of the top authority conferences in the recommendation system field, and achieved the best results among domestic companies. In particular, the Upstage team that won this time has once again established itself as the best team in the AI recommendation field, following the gold medal in the 1st place in the Kaggle Shopee Recommendation Competition last year and the silver medal in the Kaggle H&M competition in May.

ACM RecSys Challenge is a competition held every year since 2007, and it deals with AI recommendation problems in various fields such as music, SNS, and commerce. Not only universities around the world that study AI recommendation, but also global companies participate in the competition to verify their recommendation models. Previous competition winners include China's Alibaba (’16), Russia's Yandex (‘15), and Nvidia (’20), which are representative big tech companies in each country.

This competition is a customized fashion recommendation competition using data from Dressipi, a fashion personalization AI solution, and the challenge was conducted with the goal of creating an excellent AI product recommendation model based on data on customers and products around the world and users' click and purchase data. A total of 350 teams participated in this competition and competed fiercely, and the results were announced at the conference last month.

The competition was won by Xiaomai, China's largest commerce company, and the Upstage Challenges team and the recommendation team ranked 12th in the overall ranking, just 0.016 points behind the 1st place. This is the highest ranking among domestic companies, and it is a result that stands shoulder to shoulder with global big tech companies such as Nvidia, Intel, and Huawei in the top 10.

The Upstage team achieved higher performance by utilizing a transformer-based model, a neural network method that tracks relationships within sequential data and learns context and meaning, instead of a boosting-based model that first selects candidate items to be recommended and ranks them. The transformer model is a model that detects even the part where the meaning of data elements that are far apart changes subtly according to the relationship by applying a mathematical technique that continues to evolve. The Upstage team used it to grasp the relationship between click histories and directly generate products that users are likely to purchase, achieving differentiation.

AI-based recommendation technology is an AI core technology that has been proven to be effective in platforms such as YouTube and Amazon after being applied to content and shopping malls. Recommendation technology shines in all places where customer decision-making is needed. In particular, as information and data increase, the importance of recommendation technology is gradually increasing, and AI-based personalized recommendations are becoming more advanced with the development of artificial intelligence-based technologies.

Upstage has once again proven its technology in the AI Seargest (search+suggest / search recommendation) sector, which applies all functions for finding and recommending products or content with AI based on individual data and preferences. Upstage has previously established itself as the best AI company in Korea by winning the first domestic gold medal in Kaggle and having two of the top 20 grandmasters, the highest grade.

Upstage CEO Kim Sung-hoon said, "Through the highest ranking in the ACM RecSys, the top authority conference in the recommendation AI field, Upstage's recommendation technology has once again been recognized as a global top technology." He added, "We will help all companies and industries that need personalization with Upstage's proven AI Seargest technology."

Upstage will release a no-code-to-low-code solution called 'Upstage AI Pack' at the end of this year, which allows customers to use AI technologies such as OCR technology that can extract and use desired information from images, recommendation technology that considers customer information and product and service features, and natural language processing search technology that enables semantic-based search. By using 'Upstage AI Pack', you can easily utilize data processing, AI modeling, and metric management, and you can conveniently use AI technologies that are constantly updated.

