Upstage, a leading AI startup in Korea, is joining hands with Samsung SDS, a leading RPA (Robotic Process Automation) company in Korea, to expand its cognitive automation business for enterprise automation.

Upstage (CEO Kim Sung-hoon, www.upstage.ai) announced on the 00th that it has signed a 'Business Agreement for Expanding Brity RPA Business' with Samsung SDS. The two companies held a signing ceremony at the Samsung SDS headquarters in Jamsil, Seoul, with Kim Sung-hoon, CEO of Upstage, and Yang Jae-young, head of the RPA Business Team at Samsung SDS, among other key executives from both companies.

Through this cooperation, Upstage will act as a technology partner in the automation field for Samsung SDS and provide optical character recognition (OCR) and AI models for enterprise automation. In addition, the two companies will cooperate first when promoting business related to automation and intelligent document processing in the future.

Market research firm Gartner announced in August last year that global RPA solution sales increased by 31% in 2021, far exceeding the growth rate of the entire SW market, which was 16%. The global RPA solution market is expected to record a growth rate of 19.5% last year and 17.5% this year, recording a total of $3.35 billion in sales.

Competitive RPA vendors and many software vendors are expanding their existing RPA product line with a product line of advanced tools that include low-code application platforms, process mining, task mining, decision modeling, iPaaS, computer vision, and IDP functions beyond the traditional single technology-centric product line. Through this, vendors are expected to provide an all-encompassing hyperautomation technology platform.

Upstage plans to supply its globally top-notch OCR engine based on its technology, which has been confirmed by the publication of numerous excellent papers at international AI conferences including NeurlPS, AAAI, ACL, and EMNLP, and the only Korean company to win double-digit gold medals at Kaggle. The superiority of Upstage's OCR engine was once again proven in Samsung SDS's engine benchmarking. In various document tests, including scanned receipts and invoices that are mainly used for document automation, Upstage scored an average of 96 points, overwhelming global competing OCR engines such as ABBYY and Tesseract by more than 150%.

The two companies will start technology verification related to Cognitive AI and product development linked to Samsung SDS's Brity through this agreement, and will also jointly develop and commercialize new automation services for existing customers of Samsung SDS as well as new customers overseas by expanding the scope of RPA product functions. To this end, the two companies will form a regular consultative body to closely cooperate in sharing technology and information.

Samsung SDS developed 'Brity RPA' in-house in 2019 and has been expanding its application range to major Samsung affiliates as well as public, financial, and manufacturing sectors. It is characterized by its unique RPA technology as well as its optimization for the domestic IT environment, such as the ability to read Hangul (HWP) documents widely used in the public sector. It is also considered a factor in its success that it provides quick technical support services based on the know-how accumulated through long-term IT service business.

With the cooperation of Samsung SDS, a leading RPA company in Korea, Upstage OCR has been evaluated as a standard in the market. Upstage OCR technology is expected to expand beyond the financial sector to the entire industry, including collaboration with KB Kookmin Bank last year and the recent application of OCR packs to Hanwha Life Insurance. Upstage is also developing a recommendation AI pack in addition to the OCR pack and is collaborating with Brandy, LG Uplus, and Amorepacific.

Kim Sung-hoon, CEO of Upstage, said, "This cooperation is a major opportunity for Upstage's OCR technology to expand beyond its own solution to the RPA sector." He added, "In the future, Upstage will continue to lead digital innovation by expanding cooperation with companies in various industries through OCR, recommendation technology, and natural language processing search technology that have overwhelming performance."

Meanwhile, Upstage has launched a no-code-low-code solution called 'Upstage AI Pack' to help customers use AI technologies such as OCR technology that can extract and use desired information from images, recommendation technology that considers customer information and product and service features, and natural language processing search technology that enables semantic-based search. By using 'Upstage AI Pack', not only can data processing, AI modeling, and indicator management be easily utilized, but also continuous updates are supported, allowing users to conveniently use the latest AI technology at all times.

