Upstage, which is attracting attention from the global AI industry for building the world's best open LLM model that surpasses ChatGPT, discussed AI trust at a government-to-government consultation meeting with the U.S. government for policy discussions with each country's representative companies.

Upstage (CEO Kim Sung-hoon) announced on the 14th that it attended the 'Korea-US ICT Policy Forum' held at the U.S. State Department in Washington on September 13th and made a presentation. Upstage attended the event as a representative private AI company in Korea along with Google in the U.S. and made a presentation on AI ethics and reliability.

The Korea-US ICT Policy Forum is a government-to-government consultation body that has been held every 1-2 years since 2013 to promote cooperation in the ICT field between the Ministry of Science and ICT and the U.S. State Department, and the meeting held this time is the seventh. This forum was held in two sessions, a public-private session and a government session, with the participation of private companies and the government on September 12th and 13th.

Upstage attended the ICT Emerging Technology Session, which discusses AI ethics and reliability, quantum science and technology applications, etc. among the public-private sessions on the 12th, the first day. Upstage's CEO Kim Sung-hoon introduced the company's data collection and sharing platform, '1T Club', as a representative case under the theme of 'International Cooperation for Securing AI Ethics/Reliability and Upstage's Efforts'.

CEO Kim Sung-hoon explained that the '1T Club', which shares profits with content providers to collect high-quality data, can strengthen the reliability and ethical aspects of the results produced by AI. He called for the need for government cooperation to strengthen cooperation with various experts through the '1T Club'.

Upstage CEO Kim Sung-hoon emphasized that various organizations such as research groups and companies around the world are contributing to the popularization of LLM, but they are mainly focused on model development, and more than half of the AI technology development is the role of data. He argued that by focusing on the data collection stage and sharing profits, the content sector that provides data will also be more active.

CEO Kim Sung-hoon explained that Upstage collects data based on the five ethical principles of 'people-centered','reliability', 'fairness','safety', and 'universality' to refine data and create models. Through this, a virtuous cycle is created in the reliability and ethical aspects of AI data, and it is emphasized that it is leading the way in collecting high-quality data that is most important, truthful, and ethical.

Upstage's '1T Club' is a new challenge by Upstage, which has been struggling to solve the problem of lack of Korean data as well as to establish an ecosystem where data providers and model production companies coexist. It has been accepting applications since August. Upstage expects that through the '1T Club', high-quality LLM that can contain Korean cultural emotions can be developed by securing and sharing Korean data, and that it can be used in various applications in the domestic generative AI field, contributing to the development of artificial intelligence.

In particular, partner companies participating in the '1T Club' can receive benefits in two ways: discounts on API usage fees in proportion to the amount of data provided, and sharing of profits generated by the API business of LLM. Upstage plans to maximize data security and solve the problem of hallucinations in AI, and discuss the construction of small LLM (sLLM) with various companies.

Upstage received recognition for its AI technology last month by becoming the first in the world to surpass the benchmark of GPT3.5, the main model of ChatGPT, in the field of large language models (LLM). In addition, the chatbot 'AskUp' that Upstage is servicing through KakaoTalk is being used by 1.4 million users, the largest in Korea, and is leading the popularization of domestic generative AI. In B2B, it is presenting the standard for reliable private LLM, maximizing data security and solving the problem of AI hallucinations, and is discussing the construction of small LLM (sLLM) with various companies.

Meanwhile, CEO Kim Sung-hoon, who also attended the 'Leap of Korea's Super AI' meeting chaired by President Yoon Seok-yeol on the same day, drew attention by requesting, "If an ecosystem is created where large companies and startups coexist, Korean representative companies like Upstage, which have AI technology that ranks first in the world, have a chance to win in global competition."

CEO Kim Sung-hoon, who made the presentation, is a scholar who has won several world-renowned paper awards, including the most influential paper award for 10 years while serving as a professor at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology since 2009. After that, he founded the startup 'Upstage' in 2020 to popularize AI technology and accelerate AI transformation, and is innovating corporate problems through AI technology based on the vision of 'Making AI Beneficial' to make the world more beneficial with AI.

Upstage CEO Kim Sung-hoon said, "I expect that this Korea-US ICT Policy Forum will be an important opportunity to form an international consensus on AI ethics and reliability and strengthen cooperation." He added, "Upstage will continue to make efforts to realize the social responsibility and value of AI, and will work with various partners."

