Upstage, a leading domestic AI startup, is gathering with Google for 'AI for Everyone'.

Upstage announced on the 13th that it will attend the 'Ministry of Science and ICT-Google Artificial Intelligence Week 2023' event, which is jointly hosted by the Ministry of Science and ICT and Google to prepare for the new leap of Korea, the artificial intelligence (AI) powerhouse, and to explore future directions.

The event, which will be held for three days from today to the 15th (Sat), is the largest AI conference held in Korea for the first time in cooperation with the Ministry of Science and ICT and Google, which has the world's top-level technology in the field of artificial intelligence. The event was prepared to expand the outer circle and globalize the domestic artificial intelligence industry, which has been moving dynamically recently, by strengthening research and development cooperation with Google, which has the world's top-level technology in the field of artificial intelligence, and supporting the growth of excellent human resources in Korea into global-level talent.

On the first day of the event, which is held under the theme of 'AI for Everyone', Lee Hwal-seok, CTO of Upstage, which operates AskUp, a domestic representative generative AI used by 1.3 million users, will give a lecture as the only domestic company. Lee Hwal-seok CTO will explain the development of generative AI, the current status in Korea, and the efforts and roles of Upstage through AskUp under the theme of 'Development and Business Opportunities in the Generative AI Market Seen by Upstage'.

In particular, he will also present a blueprint for the need for ssLLM (small scale LLM), which is gaining popularity as an alternative or auxiliary means to overcome the shortcomings of LLM.

CTO Lee Hwal-seok also introduces AskUp, which allows you to easily use generative AI through messengers such as KakaoTalk and Line, and 'AskUp Seargest', a solution that can provide personalized recommendations in the form of chat using generative AI and search and recommendation technology (Search+Suggest).

AskUp Seargest is a solution that overcomes the limitations of the latest information and the difficulty of personalization that currently exist in chat AI through the prompt engineering and fine-tuning know-how accumulated by directly operating AskUp, and provides customers with the latest personalized information through the world-class search and recommendation technology that Upstage has. It is attracting attention from companies in various fields.

Upstage CTO Lee Hwal-seok said, "It is an honor to participate in the AI Week 2023 event with Google, which opened the possibility of generative AI through the transformer model." He added, "In the future, Upstage will continue to work with various companies, including Google, to find ways to further increase the usability of generative AI and make more efforts to build responsible AI."

The event began with an opening speech by Minister Lee Jong-ho of the Ministry of Science and ICT, followed by congratulatory speeches by Park Sung-joong, a member of the People Power Party, and Ko Jin, chairman of the Digital Platform Government Committee. In the keynote speech that follows, Yossi Matias, VP of Engineering and Research at Google, Kim Kyung-hoon, president of Google Korea, Jang Byung-tak, professor at Seoul National University, and Cho Joon-hee, chairman of the Korea Software Industry Association, will present efforts to build responsible AI and the vision of Korea's AI capabilities.

Then, through panel discussions and presentations by Upstage, the trends in the Korean AI industry will be shared and the direction to be taken will be explored. Attendees can increase their understanding and satisfaction with the technology through demo zones where they can experience the latest AI technology directly at the venue for two days.

The 'Ministry of Science and ICT-Google Artificial Intelligence Week' will be held for three days, each with the theme of 'AI for Everyone', 'AI for Business', and 'AI for Student'. On the first day, the latest research trends and development directions in the field of artificial intelligence will be discussed by researchers from Google and Korea. On the second day, the contents announced at 'Google I/O 2023', Google's largest annual developer event, will be covered, including Android, Google Play, machine learning, and cloud solutions. On the last day of the event, a job fair will be held for college students who hope to work in the field of artificial intelligence and machine learning, and a showcase of excellent works from the international competition for college student developers will also be presented.

