Two out of three graduates of “boostcamp(이하 부스트캠프) AI Tech”, which is operated by Connect Foundation, a non-profit software education foundation under Naver, and is partnered by Upstage, a leading AI company in Korea, have been employed as AI engineers.

Upstage (CEO Kim Sung-hoon, www.upstage.ai) announced that more than half of the graduates produced by boostcamp AI Tech, which is operated by Naver Connect Foundation and partnered by Upstage, have succeeded in employment as AI engineers and are recognized in the field as experts with high practical skills.

Boostcamp AI Tech is an AI practical talent training program that provides basic knowledge of artificial intelligence to hands-on training to develop AI using actual datasets. It offers a systematic curriculum by 82 professors, including Upstage CEO Kim Sung-hoon, Upstage Chief Technology Officer (CTO) Lee Hwal-seok, who served as the head of Naver Clova Visual AI, and Upstage Chief Science Officer (CSO) Park Eun-jung, who was the leader of the Papago model team.

As the demand for AI talent is accelerating, various education programs are being produced, but the solid curriculum of Boostcamp AI Tech is gaining popularity among those who dream of becoming AI engineers. As proof of this, the number of applicants for the last recruitment increased by more than 165% compared to the launch in 2021, and the competition rate for the 5th class, which completed recruitment in January, was more than 6:1, making it difficult to enter.

The Boostcamp AI Tech education curriculum is being further developed with the advice of Upstage, and it is characterized by a practice-oriented curriculum using the 'AI Stages' platform developed by Upstage. AI Stages is a competition platform for AI/ML (Machine Learning) developed by Upstage, and it allows you to practice the entire process from designing and building various AI models to performance evaluation using actual corporate data. It is highly popular because it focuses on practical experience rather than dry theoretical teaching.

The entire education is conducted in teams, and through various collaboration projects, you can practice the entire process from designing AI models to deployment, and learn the practice as an AI engineer. AI experts, including Upstage, directly lecture, and mentors provide insights into key contents to help them grow. In addition, high-performance GPU servers (V100) are provided by Naver Cloud to support a smooth learning experience. Recently, 98% of the 4th class students who completed the education said they were satisfied with the operation of the education, and 99% responded that they were willing to recommend it to others, breaking the highest satisfaction rate every class.

The true value of the curriculum, which focuses on practical experience, is revealed in the employment indicators. More than 75% of the 4th class students who recently completed the Boostcamp AI Tech education are non-majors. They transform into experts who can be immediately deployed in the field through about 5 months of AI intensive education. In fact, hundreds of graduates, half of whom are non-majors, have been employed as AI engineers and are running at the forefront of the industry.

In addition, many of them are standing out by working at major IT companies in Korea, including Upstage and Naver. Corporate officials are unanimous in their praise, saying, "In addition to solid ML basic knowledge, it is very impressive that they have gained collaboration experience while working on projects," and "Just by being a graduate of Boostcamp AI Tech, I think they are verified in terms of skills, and they seem to have learned a lot that they feel like they have done the current job."

In addition, Boostcamp AI Tech graduates are achieving excellent results in a total of 28 competitions, including ▲1st to 3rd place in NAVER CLOVA AI Rush 2022 ▲Best Prize and Encouragement Prize at the 2nd K-Digital Training Hackathon Competition ▲Encouragement Prize at the Hyundai Motor R&D AI Competition.

Kim Joon-hee, leader of Boostcamp AI Tech at Naver Connect Foundation, said, "Boostcamp AI Tech is proud to be an all-in-one AI education program that supports not only a systematic curriculum but also a tight-knit community between graduates." He added, "We will continue to operate Boostcamp more stably to foster excellent AI engineers, including the 5th class currently in training."

Upstage CEO Kim Sung-hoon said, "There are various AI education programs, but Boostcamp AI Tech is the only one that connects to quality employment through practical intensive education using actual data." He added, "In the future, Upstage will take the lead in building an AI talent ecosystem by providing the best know-how in the industry and academia to those who dream of becoming AI engineers as a partner company of Boostcamp AI Tech."

Meanwhile, Upstage has released 'Upstage AI Pack', a no-code-low-code solution that allows customers to utilize AI technologies such as OCR technology that allows users to extract and use the information they want from images, recommendation technology that takes into account customer information and product and service features, and natural language processing search technology that enables semantic-based search, so that customers can use them customized at once. By using 'Upstage AI Pack', you can easily utilize data processing, AI modeling, and metric management, and you can conveniently use the latest AI technology that is continuously updated.

In addition, Upstage recently launched AskUp, which combines Upstage's OCR technology and ChatGPT, on KakaoTalk, the national mobile messenger, and is causing a sensation by gathering 100,000 channel friends in a week. AskUp is an 'eye-mounted ChatGPT' that combines Upstage's OCR technology with the generative artificial intelligence chatbot 'ChatGPT', and can read, understand, and answer the contents of a document when a user takes a picture or sends a document.

