Upstage, the creator of the nation's top Chat AI 'AskUp' with 900,000 users, opens the door to the secrets of using ChatGPT and the opportunity to create services using it.

Upstage (https://www.upstage.ai/), a leading AI startup in Korea, announced on the 26th that it will open an online lecture 'ChatGPT UP' that will teach how to plan and use services using ChatGPT. 'ChatGPT UP' is a lecture that allows you to understand and apply the AI technology and trends of 'AskUp', which is developed and operated by Upstage.

ChatGPT, which can generate natural and humorous conversations using LLM technology, is an artificial intelligence conversation model, and Upstage is providing the AskUp (AskUp) service, which allows you to easily use AI technology on KakaoTalk using ChatGPT. AskUp is a popular service that 900,000 people have used in just over a month and a half.

The 'ChatGPT UP' lecture will be held online live every Monday evening from 7 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. for a total of four weeks starting on May 22. The lecture consists of a session to understand the theory of AI technology and trends, a session to learn practical skills such as prompt engineering and AutoGPT that are helpful for the use and development of ChatGPT, and a hands-on session to create ChatGPT as an application.

The instructors are composed of key members of Upstage, which is the best AI expert in Korea, and AI developers at Microsoft. The lecture will be conducted by Upstage CEO Kim Sung-hoon, who is famous for his deep learning lectures for everyone, as well as Upstage CSO Park Eun-jung, who served as the leader of Naver Papago model, and CTO Lee Hwal-seok, who is a former leader of Naver Clova Visual AI, and Challenge Team Leader Kim Sang-hoon, a world-renowned Kaggle Grand Master, as well as AI engineers at MS Copilot Team, including Hannah.

The first session of the lecture will be held on the lecture of LLM, such as ChatGPT. It will cover the definition and importance of LLM, how it is created and learned, and the principles of conversation generation and advantages and limitations of ChatGPT. In addition, it will introduce the latest research and trends related to ChatGPT and discuss future development directions and possibilities.
The second is based on Microsoft's experience, and how to improve the performance and diversity of ChatGPT through the basic principles and actual examples of prompt engineering. In addition, we will learn about LangChain, which connects multiple models and allows them to perform a single complex task, and how to use it to overcome the limitations of ChatGPT and perform complex tasks.

The third session is a lecture on self-prompting, which creates various prompts for ChatGPT, and AutoGPT through it. In this session, we will practice solving problems encountered in work and daily life using AutoGPT. Through this, we will learn how to make ChatGPT create a plan and perform more complex and planned tasks by executing this plan one by one.

The final session will be conducted by Upstage CEO Kim Sung-hoon, who participated in the development of the AskUp service, and will share the development process and operation experience of AskUp and introduce the main features and characteristics of AskUp. In particular, it is the best lecture for those who want to create a service using ChatGPT, and will proceed with a project to create a mini AskUp on Line and Slack. CEO Kim Sung-hoon will provide ideas and tips for creating other applications using ChatGPT, and will also provide feedback on participants' ideas in person.

The tuition fee for 'ChatGPT UP' is 99,000 won, and once you take the course, you can receive not only the real-time online lecture and live questions starting on May 22, but also the recorded video and lecture materials and code materials that you can watch anytime after that, as well as the opportunity to attend various networking for course participants. Those interested in the lecture can apply on the Upstage website (https://www.upstage.ai/).

Upstage CEO Kim Sung-hoon said, "The ChatGPT UP lecture is a lecture that we have prepared to share the know-how of the best instructors who have studied and experimented with AI technology with everyone." He said, "We will focus on practicality so that you can plan a service or apply it to the use of ChatGPT right after the lecture, and it will be the best lecture that you can use in the field right away."

Meanwhile, Upstage is also operating AskUp Biz, a business version of AskUp, as a service for companies with API series and AI packs. AskUp Biz is a service that can increase the efficiency and satisfaction of companies by optimizing it for the business environment, and consists of three parts: AskUp Doc, which can read various documents and obtain information with Chat AI, AskUp Web, which can provide information to visitors to the website, and AskUp Slack, which can be used in Slack, a work tool. It has received hot attention, with hundreds of companies applying for it after its release.

