Upstage, a leading AI startup in Korea, held its first press conference on the 16th and announced its vision to help anyone use high-performance custom AI conveniently by introducing 'Document AI Pack' based on OCR and 'AskUp Seargest', which combines search/recommendation technology with national Chat AI 'AskUp'.

Upstage held a press conference 'Press Stage' at the Ferum Tower Ferum Hall in Jung-gu, Seoul on the 16th with the company mission of 'Making AI Beneficial' to introduce its AI pack, AskUp Seargest, and other services.

Kim Sung-hoon, CEO of Upstage, who hosted the press conference, expressed his intention to become a startup that leads the global AI ecosystem beyond Korea through AI that can be easily applied and promote digital transformation of companies.

■ The best team has come together to achieve global top research results and customer satisfaction... Goal to implement Easy to apply AI in all industries

CEO Kim Sung-hoon first introduced the main members of Upstage, a team of world-class AI experts, and the global top research results and customer satisfaction cases they have created.

He introduced the best talent recruited from global big tech companies such as Kakao AI team, including CEO Kim Sung-hoon and CTO Lee Hwal-seok, who led the best AI team in Korea, and CSO Park Eun-jung, as well as the global top research results achieved by the team, such as the top conference papers, double-digit gold medals in Caggle, and the recent ICDAR 4-way championship.

In particular, he unveiled 'Document AI Pack' and 'AskUp Seargest' created by the team that achieved the best results, and also demonstrated the actual solution. AI pack is a no-code/low-code solution of Upstage that allows companies to solve business problems with AI technology, and supports various industries to easily build and operate AI models and systems. CEO Kim Sung-hoon said that AI pack accurately identifies customer business problems, builds optimal AI models and systems, and supports continuous performance improvement and maintenance.

'Document AI Pack' is Upstage's representative document AI solution that can be used in various industries such as finance, insurance, and medical care. It can convert images or PDF-formatted documents into text through OCR technology, and extract or analyze and summarize the contents of the necessary documents by removing repeated manual work through natural language processing (NLP) technology.

Customers can increase the efficiency and accuracy of document management and processing by using Upstage's Document AI Pack, and it has been receiving favorable reviews since its launch earlier this year, with contracts with various customers in the financial sector, including Samsung Life Insurance and Hanwha Life Insurance, as well as various customers in the industrial sector, including POSCO Holdings and Samsung SDS.

In addition, 'AskUp Seargest', which was first introduced at the press conference, is a solution that can provide hyper-personalized recommendations in the form of chat by utilizing search and recommendation technology (Search+Suggest). Current chat AI technologies such as ChatGPT and Bard have limitations in terms of the latest information and personalization.

However, Upstage has developed a solution that overcomes this by providing the latest information that is hyper-personalized to customers through the best search, recommendation technology, and prompt engineering and fine-tuning know-how that have been accumulated by operating AskUp, which has surpassed 1 million users, through AI pack.

'AskUp Seargest' can be applied to various domains and scenarios such as shopping, travel, movies, and books, and can be used in various fields such as customer service, marketing, and education, attracting attention from more than 100 companies.

■ Secured 5 billion won in contracts in the first year of AI solution sales... Global expansion also in full swing

In particular, CEO Kim Sung-hoon announced at the press conference that he has already secured 5 billion won in contracts by April this year, the first year of solution sales, through contracts with large customers in various industries such as Samsung Life Insurance, Hanwha Life Insurance, POSCO Holdings, and Samsung SDS. CEO Kim said that he is confirming that the demand for AI pack is increasing in various industries such as finance, manufacturing, and IT, and is in discussions with various customers so far, and pledged to achieve break-even point (BEP) next year.

Upstage has also started its global expansion. Upstage launched its chat AI 'AskUp' in the Japanese and Southeast Asian markets through the global messenger Line on the 4th. In addition, AI pack also plans to expand globally from this year, and is pursuing cooperation with major companies such as Japan and the United States.

■ Beyond B2B, 'AskUp Lemon Sparkling Highball' for AI popularization

In addition, Upstage announced on this day that it will launch 'AskUp Lemon Sparkling Highball' to provide an opportunity for the public to directly experience AI beyond the positioning of a B2B company.

'AskUp Lemon Sparkling Highball' is a new beverage scheduled to be released on the 17th, and Upstage collaborated with Buru-guru, famous for 'Butter Beer', to produce highball with a recipe recommended by 'AskUp'. 'AskUp Lemon Sparkling Highball' is completed with a refreshing taste of lemon and a weighty taste of oak. The can design also reflects the refreshing taste of highball by designing it so that mint green and bright yellow colors intersect based on the recommendation of AskUp. In addition, the alcohol content, sweetness, price, release date, and sales outlets are also reflected in the conversation with AskUp.

The launch of this highball is the first case to show the applicability of artificial intelligence technology in the consumer goods market, attracting attention with innovative products and high product value. By using the QR code on the highball can, you can also enjoy highball with AskUp, which recommends food that goes well with it.

CEO Kim Sung-hoon said, "We want to show how useful and fun AI is in everyday life through 'AskUp Lemon Sparkling Highball'." 'AskUp Sparkling Highball' will be sold at GS25 from the 17th.

CEO Kim Sung-hoon of Upstage said, "Upstage has introduced 'Document AI Pack' and 'AskUp Seargest' to help companies easily use AI through AI pack, which is centered on the best team with the highest level of AI technology and business experience." He added, "We will continue to lead AI transformation of domestic and foreign companies through the advancement of AI technology, and we will become a global AI leading company by breaking the best record every year."

