Upstage, a leading AI startup in Korea, presented policy recommendations for the activation of trustworthy AI on behalf of online platform companies.

Upstage (CEO Kim Sung-hoon, www.upstage.ai) announced on the 16th that it participated in the "Industry Meeting for the Activation of Trust-based Data Economy" hosted by the Personal Information Protection Commission (hereinafter referred to as the Personal Information Protection Commission) at Naver's new headquarters in the afternoon and presented policy recommendations for the development of the AI industry on behalf of the industry and represented the voice of the industry.

The Personal Information Protection Commission is holding a series of industry meetings with companies that directly utilize data in the field following the revision of the ｢Personal Information Protection Act｣, which passed the National Assembly on the 27th of last month and will be enforced from September 15th. The meeting was held for the first time with online platform companies as the main focus.

The event was held in the order of opening remarks by Chairman Ko Hak-soo of the Personal Information Protection Commission, followed by policy recommendations on 'AI development and personal information protection' by Han Ji-yoon, leader of the Upstage data team. The Personal Information Protection Commission then presented △introduction of the contents of the law revision and the direction of the subordinate legislation revision △policy direction for the activation of the data economy.

Chairman Ko Hak-soo, as well as the secretary-general of the Personal Information Protection Commission and the director of the Personal Information Policy Division, participated, and 16 online platform companies, including the Korea Internet Corporations Association and the Korea Online Shopping Association, were present. With major big tech companies such as Naver, Kakao, and Coupang gathering to discuss ways to revitalize the data economy, Upstage attracted attention as the only startup to participate.

In particular, Han Ji-yoon, a leader of Upstage, who participated as a representative speaker of the industry and was the only one to give a presentation among the participating companies, presented the direction of personal information protection measures required in the rapidly changing digital environment, noting the development of generative AI models triggered by ChatGPT. In particular, he called for preventive measures to prevent the exposure of sensitive information in order to ensure the reliability of AI utilization in the cloud environment and in the process of learning large amounts of data.

Han Ji-yoon, a leader of Upstage, said, "In the midst of the craze for the generative AI market triggered by ChatGPT, it is a time when protection measures are required for sensitive information that may be leaked in the cloud computing environment and the learning of large amounts of data on which AI models are based." He added, "Upstage will continue to think about ways to build trustworthy AI data based on data technology recognized by the world's academic conferences."

Meanwhile, Upstage has released a no-code-low-code solution called 'Upstage AI Pack' that helps customers use AI technologies such as recommendation technology and OCR technology that can extract and use desired information from images at once. By using AI Pack, you can easily utilize data processing, AI modeling, and metric management, and you can use the latest AI technology conveniently at all times by supporting continuous updates.

In addition, Upstage recently launched AskUp, which combines Upstage's OCR technology and ChatGPT on KakaoTalk, the nation's mobile messenger, and is causing a sensation by gathering 100,000 channel friends in a week. AskUp is an 'eye-mounted ChatGPT' that combines Upstage's OCR technology based on the generative artificial intelligence chatbot 'ChatGPT', and can read, understand, and answer the contents when the user takes a picture or sends a document.

