Upstage joins hands with the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety (MFDS) to activate the application of generative AI in the public sector.

Upstage (CEO Kim Sung-hoon) signed a business agreement with the MFDS to spread food and drug safety information using generative AI on the afternoon of the 5th. The two organizations held a signing ceremony at the MFDS in Osong, Chungcheongbuk-do, with key officials including Upstage CTO Lee Hwail-seok and MFDS Commissioner Oh Yu-kyung in attendance.

Recently, there has been growing interest in the government and public sectors to streamline administrative tasks and digitally innovate through the application of generative AI technology. In response, Upstage will collaborate with the MFDS to spread reliable national safety and health information using its industry-leading LLM technology.

In particular, the MFDS will participate in Upstage's '1T (Trillion) Club' to provide high-quality food and drug data. Upstage's 1T Club is a project that aims to strengthen the competitiveness of the domestic AI industry by developing high-performance Korean LLMs through the acquisition of 1 trillion Korean data tokens, which are the largest in the world.

The two organizations will specifically cooperate in various areas, including ▲establishing a cooperative system for sharing and utilizing the latest technologies in the public and private sectors ▲activating the development of Korean LLM models and the 1T project ▲security measures such as preventing the leakage of sensitive information ▲technical advisory for the construction and activation of generative AI at the MFDS.

Upstage plans to take the lead in expanding the domestic AI ecosystem, starting with its collaboration with the MFDS. To this end, it will expand its 1T Club partnership and further enhance the Korean LLM evaluation leaderboard 'Open Ko-LLM Leaderboard' that it has established with the National Information Society Agency (NIA). The Open Ko-LLM Leaderboard has surpassed 500 evaluation models in just two months since its launch and is becoming a barometer for evaluating the performance of Korean LLMs.

Upstage CTO Lee Hwail-seok said, "We are pleased to discuss the innovation of generative AI in the public sector in collaboration with the MFDS." He added, "In the future, Upstage will take the lead in expanding the scope of the domestic AI ecosystem based on its technology that has developed the world's best open-source LLM."

MFDS Commissioner Oh Yu-kyung said, "Recently, there have been many changes in society with the emergence of Chat-GPT, and there is growing interest in using generative artificial intelligence for administrative innovation in the public sector." She added, "The MFDS will review ways to use generative artificial intelligence to improve food and drug safety information services and do its best to accurately deliver various documents and information necessary for the health and safety of the people."

Meanwhile, partner companies participating in Upstage's 1T Club can use Upstage's proprietary large language model 'SOLAR' API at a discounted price and receive revenue generated by the SOLAR API business. The data provided by partner companies will be used only for learning purposes and will be secured and protected to prevent the extraction of original data. 

