Upstage, a leading AI startup in Korea, will present the direction of digital transformation in the financial sector by inviting experts in generative AI who have developed the world's best language models beyond ChatGPT.

Upstage (CEO Kim Sung-hoon) announced on the 7th that it will hold an online webinar 'Upstage Talks' (hereinafter referred to as Upstage Talks) on the 24th to share successful generative AI service introduction methods in the financial sector under the theme of 'The Future of Finance/Insurance Changed by Generative AI'.

'Upstage Talks' started as an in-house technical lecture at Upstage in 2020 and has been widely known through the sharing of Upstage's world-class performance in the Kaggle competition and lectures by Silicon Valley developers. It has been held regularly every month and has received a hot response from companies and the public interested in AI.

This event will feature industry-leading financial AI experts, including Upstage CTO Lee Hwal-seok, Upstage Vice President Choi Hong-joon, who served as the former Lina Life CPC Innovation Strategy Executive, and Upstage LLM Model Team Tech Leader Park Chan-joon. The presentation will be held in the order of ▲ AI Impact for Financial Sector (AI Impact in the Financial Sector) ▲ The Development Process of LLM (Large Language Model) and the Financial Industry that will be together with Super-Large AI ▲ Upstage's View on Generative AI, Direction of Application in Financial Business.

As the era of super-large AI is approaching, the financial sector is speeding up its digital transformation through the application of generative AI services such as virtual assistant chatbots and hyper-personalized work efficiency. Accordingly, Upstage has specially organized a place to share the latest generative AI technology trends and provide advice on successful AI introduction in the financial domain based on its overwhelming technological capabilities, which recently announced the world's No. 1 language model in the Huggingface 'Open LLM Leaderboard' evaluation, surpassing GPT-3.5.

This webinar will be held online live from 2 p.m. on the 24th, and pre-participation applications will be accepted through the Upstage website (www.upstage.ai) from the 4th to the day of the event. Anyone who wants to hear about the latest technology trends, including financial/insurance company officials who are considering the introduction of generative AI services, can participate. The recording of the lecture will also be released unlimitedly through the website afterwards.

Upstage CEO Kim Sung-hoon said, "This event was specially prepared to provide differentiated insights to financial sector customers who are considering digital transformation through the introduction of generative AI." "In the future, Upstage will take the lead in successful AI introduction in the financial sector based on the world's best generative AI technology."

Meanwhile, Upstage is pioneering the 'Private AI' market, which is specialized in preventing information leakage and preventing hallucination by learning internal corporate data based on its world-class LLM technology that is comparable to ChatGPT. Private AI is a solution that is particularly optimized for the financial sector, where security is life, and Upstage provides better performance with a lighter model size than the giant LLM of big tech companies, which can greatly reduce the cost of introduction and operation.

